Contribute to NodeJS documentation (#2006)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/107-nodejs/content/102-nodejs-npm/101-global-install-vs-local-install.md

> # Global Install vs Local Install
> 
> NodeJS and NPM allows two methods of installing dependecies/packages: Local and Global.
> 
> ## Local Install
> This is mostly used when adding a package or dependency to be used as part of a specific project you're working on.
> The package would be installed (with its dependencies) in `node_modules` folder **under your project**.
> In addition, in `package.json` file there will be a new line added for the installed dependency under label `dependencies`.
> At this point - you can start using the package in your NodeJS code by importing the package
> 
> For example: Installing `axios` package
> To install a package locally (and save it):
> ```
> $ npm install --save axios
> ```
> 
> ## Global Install
> Unlike the local install, you can install packages and dependencies **globally**.
> This would install it in a system path and these packages would be available to any program which runs on **this specific** computer.
> This method is often used for installing command line tools (for example, even `npm` program is a Globally installed npm package).
> 
> To install a package globally add the `-g` to the install command:
> ```
> npm install -g <package_name>
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Global Install vs Local Install

NodeJS and NPM allow two methods of installing dependencies/packages: Local and Global. This is mainly used when adding a package or dependency as part of a specific project you're working on. The package would be installed (with its dependencies) in `node_modules` folder **under your project**. In addition, in `package.json` file there will be a new line added for the installed dependency under the label `dependencies`.
At this point - you can start using the package in your NodeJS code by importing the package.

Unlike the local install, you can install packages and dependencies **globally**. This would install it in a system path, and these packages would be available to any program which runs on **this specific** computer. This method is often used for installing command line tools (for example, even `npm` program is a Globally installed npm package).

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/v8/commands/npm-install'>NPM Install Docs</BadgeLink>
```
